# 📚 Publications & Peer-Reviewed Conference Presentations
by Parmis Khosravi, Ph.D.
   
## 📖 PUBLICATIONS		
`*` co-first authors; `¶` mentoring & corresponding author			
1.	Richier, C., Zugman, A., Harrewijn, A., Cardinale, E., **Khosravi, P.**, . . ., Sawyers, C.(2025, Preprint). Brain age prediction in generalized anxiety disorder using a convolutional neural network. _Research Square_. [DOI](https://doi.org/10.21203/rs.3.rs-6866544/v1)
2.	Haller, S.P., **Khosravi, P.**, Kim, K.Y. Brotman, A M.(2025) Targeting inhibitory control in youth irritability: challenges and opportunities. _Neuropsychopharmacol_. [DOI](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41386-025-02151-x)
3.	Cardinale, E. M., Meigs, J. M., Haller, S. P., Fling, K., Pandya, U., Siegal, O. Poe, A., Shaughnessy, S., Zapp, C.,  Bezek, J. L.,  Lee, K., **Khosravi, P.**, German, R.,  Jangraw, D. C.,  Henry, L. M., Byrne, M. E., Kircanski, K., Leibenluft, E.,  Naim, R., Pine, D. S., Brotman, M. A. (2025). Leveraging technology to probe mechanisms of psychopathology: A proof of concept study of inhibitory control. _PLoS One, 20_(6), e0319004. [DOI](https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0319004)
4.	Stohr, G.M., Harrewijn, A., Morales, S., Zeytinoglu, S., Laky, Z. E., **Khosravi, P.**, Cardinale, E. M., Lorenzo, N., Stoddard, J., Pine, D. S., Fox, N. A., Brotman, M. A., Haller, S. P., (2025). Adolescent cognitive control processing is associated with anxiety in young adulthood during the COVID-19 pandemic. Cognitive, Affective, & Behavioral Neuroscience. [DOI](https://doi.org/10.3758/s13415-025-01293-1)
5.	Cardinale, E., Bezek, J., Linke, J., Siegal, O., Freitag, G., Subar, A., **Khosravi, P.**, Mallidi, A., Peterson, O., Morales, I., Haller, S., Filippi, C., Lee, K., Brotman, M., Pine, D. S., Leibenluft, E., & Kircanski, K. (2024). Multivariate Assessment of Inhibitory Control in Youth: Links with Psychopathology and Brain Function. _Psychological Science, 35_(4), 376–389.[DOI](https://doi.org/10.1177/0956797624123157)
6.	Amelio, P. <sup>`*`</sup>, Antonacci, C. <sup>`*`</sup>, **Khosravi, P.<sup>`¶`</sup>**, Haller, S., Kircanski, K., Berman, E., Cullins, L., Lewis, K., Davis, M., Engel, C., Towbin, K., Stringaris, A., & Pine, D. S. (2024). Evaluating the Development and Well-Being Assessment (DAWBA) in Pediatric Anxiety and Depression. _Child and Adolescent Psychiatry and Mental Health, 18_(12). [DOI](https://doi.org/10.1186/s13034-023-00696-7)
7.	**Khosravi, P.**, Zugman, A., Amelio, P., Winkler, A. M., & Pine, D. S. (2022). Translating big data to clinical outcomes in anxiety: Potential for multimodal integration. _Current Psychiatry Reports_. [DOI](https://doi.org/10.1007/s11920-022-01385-6)
8.	Raffaele, C. T., **Khosravi, P.**, Parker, A., Godovich, S., Rich, B., & Adleman, N. (2021). Social Emotional Attention in School-Age Children: A Call for School-Based Intervention during COVID-19 and Distance Learning. _Children & Schools, 43_(2), 107–117. [DOI](https://doi.org/10.1093/cs/cdab010)
9.	**Khosravi, P.**, Parker, A. J., Shuback, A. T., & Adleman, N. E. (2020). Attention control ability, mood state, and emotional regulation ability partially affect executive control of attention on task-irrelevant emotional stimuli. _Acta Psychologica, 210_,103169. [DOI](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.actpsy.2020.103169)

### MANUSCRIPTS																
1.	**Khosravi, P.**, Poe, A., Malone, E., Bezek, J., Do, Q., Meyer, M., Siegal, O., Yetter, M., Cardinale, E., Kircanski, K., Brotman, M., Smith, A., Haller, S. P., & Pine, D. S. Configuration Efficiency in resting-state and task-based functional connectivity in anxious youth. [In Preparation]
2.	**Khosravi, P.**, Zugman, A., Kossowsky, J., Liuzzi, Lucrezia, Pine, D. S., & Winkler, A.W. Association Between Activity and Sleep With Brain Imaging: CCA Approach. [In Preparation]
3.	**Khosravi, P.**, Poe, A., Malone, E., Bezek, J., Do, Q., Meyer, M., Siegal, O., Yetter, M., Cardinale, E., Kircanski, K., Brotman, M., Smith, A., Haller, S. P., & Pine, D. S. Neural Responses to Error in Youth: The Impact of Peer Context, Anxiety, and Worry. [Under Review]
4.	**Khosravi, P. <sup>`*`</sup>,**  Poe, A. <sup>`*`</sup>, Kirschner S., Frenkel, T., Chronis-Tuscano, A., Degnan, K.,  Kircanski, K., Fox, N., & Pine, D. S. Evaluating The Buffering Effects of Social Involvement Types on The Relationship Between Behavioral Inhibition And Psychopathology. [Submitted]
   
## 🎤 PEER-REVIEWED CONFERENCE PRESENTATIONS 												
`*` Presenter

1.	**Khosravi, P.<sup>`*`</sup>**, Delecourt, B., Lakhlani, D., Kossowsky, J., Winkler, A. M., Zugman, A., & Pine, D. S. (2024, May 8-12). Exploring the association of fitbit and clinical measures with multimodal brain indices in youths. [Poster]. Society of Biological Psychiatry Annual Convention, Austin, TX
2.	**Khosravi, P.<sup>`*`</sup>**, Adleman, N. E. (2023, May 22-23). Mood-congruency in implicit memory – Is it phase-specific? [Poster]. Association for Cognitive Bias Modification Annual Conference, NIH Bethesda, MD.
3.	Poe, A.D.<sup>`*`</sup>, **Khosravi, P.**, Pine, D.S. (2023, June) Are certain individuals predisposed to anxiety? Towards an investigation of potentially innate neurological processes [Oral Presentation] NIMH Three Minute Talk Competition, NIH, Bethesda, MD.
4.	**Khosravi, P.<sup>`*`</sup>**, Zugman, A., Cardinale, E., Siegal, O., Poe, A., Malone, E., Kircanski, K., Leibenluft, E., Brotman, M., Haller, S., & Pine, D. (2023, April 27-29). Effects of cognitive fatigue on brain activity in youth – does psychiatric diagnosis matter? [Poster]. Society of Biological Psychiatry Annual Convention, San Diego, CA.
5.	Poe, A. D. <sup>`*`</sup>, Malone, E.P., Siegal, O., Antonacci, C., Morales, I., Telli, A., Lee, K., Cardinale, E., Zugman, A., Leibenluft, E., Kircanski, K., **Khosravi, P.,** Lewis, K., Pine, D.S. (2023, November). Contextual specificity of psychopathology and behavior: Evaluating the moderating effects of puberty and neighborhood resources on the relationship between anxiety symptoms and cognitive control. [Poster]. 57th Annual Convention for Association of Behavioral and Cognitive Therapies, Seattle, WA.
6.	Malone, E. <sup>`*`</sup>, Poe, A., Siegal, O., Antonacci, C., Morales, I., Telli, A., Lee, K., Cardinale, E., Pine, D. S., Kircanski, K., Leibenluft, E., & **Khosravi, P.**(2023, November) Pediatric psychopathology’s associations with inhibitory control, anxiety symptomology, and childhood opportunity. [Poster]. 57th Annual Association for Behavioral and Cognitive Therapies Convention, Seattle, WA.
7.	Malone, E. <sup>`*`</sup>, **Khosravi, P.**, Leibenluft, E., Pine, D., Towbin, K., Stringaris, A., Kircanski, K. (2023). Within-person fluctuations in suicidality in adolescents with major depressive disorder: Examining the potential role of irritability. [Poster]. 25th Annual NIMH Scientific Training Day, Washington, DC.
8.	Poe, A. <sup>`*`</sup>, **Khosravi, P.**, Byrne, M., Pine, D. S., Lewis, K. (2023). Sex-Related differences in developmental and cognitive markers of risk: An analysis of sex, pubertal timing, self-efficacy, and their relationship with depressive and anxious symptomatology. [Poster]. The Association of Psychological Sciences 2023 Annual Convention, Washington, DC.
9.	Kirschner, S. <sup>`*`</sup>, **Khosravi, P.**, Byrne, M., Abend, R., Bar-Haim, Y., Lewis, K., & Pine, D. S., (2023) An investigation of the relationship between threat bias and pediatric anxiety: Effect of social, emotional, and academic self-efficacy. [Poster]. The Association of Psychological Sciences 2023 Annual Convention, Washington, DC.
10.	Poe, A. <sup>`*`</sup>, **Khosravi, P.**, Byrne, M., Pine, D. S., Lewis, K. (2023). Developmental and cognitive markers of risk: An analysis of pubertal timing, self-efficacy, and their relationship with depressive and anxious symptomatology. [Poster]. The Anxiety and Depression Association of America 2023 Annual Conference, Washington, DC.
11.	Malone, E. <sup>`*`</sup>, Siegal, O., Antonacci, C., Morales, I., Telli, A., Lee, K., Cardinale, E., Pine, D., Kircanski, K., Leibenluft, E., & **Khosravi, P.** (2023). Childhood opportunity and psychopathology: associations with inhibitory control in a pediatric sample. [Poster]. the Anxiety and Depression Association of America 2023 Annual Convention, Washington, DC. 
12.	Kirschner, S. <sup>`*`</sup>, **Khosravi, P.**, Byrne, M., Abend, R., Bar-Haim, Y., Lewis, K., & Pine, D. S., (2023). An investigation of the relationship between threat bias, self-efficacy, and pediatric anxiety. Abstract submitted for The Anxiety and Depression Association of America 2023 Annual Conference, Washington, DC.
13.	Kirschner, S. <sup>`*`</sup>, **Khosravi, P.**, Pine, D. S., Fox, N. A. (September 2022) The effects of childhood behavioral inhibition and adolescent social networks on adult anxiety disorders.[Poster]. 24th Annual NIMH IRP Fellows’ Scientific Training Day, Bethesda, MD.
14.	Scheinberg , B. <sup>`*`</sup>, **Khosravi, P.**, Cullins, L., Dombek, K. Naim, R., German, R., White, J., & Brotman, M.A. (November 2022). Predicting treatment outcomes in youth with irritability undergoing exposure-based cognitive behavioral therapy: preliminary application of machine learning. [Poster]. Association for Behavioral and Cognitive Therapies Annual Convention, New York, NY.
15.	Siegal, O. <sup>`*`</sup>, Smith, A., **Khosravi, P.**, Brotman, M., Leibenluft, E., Kircanski, K., Pine, D. S., & Cardinale, E. M. (November 2022). Inhibitory Control as a Moderator of the Relationship Between Repetitive Negative Thinking and Anxiety. [Poster]. Child and Adolescent Anxiety Special Interest Group for presentation at the SIG Exposition at the Association for Behavioral and Cognitive Therapies Annual Convention, New York, NY.
16.	Siegal, O. <sup>`*`</sup>, Smith, A., **Khosravi, P.**, Brotman, M., Leibenluft, E., Kircanski, K., Pine, D. S., & Cardinale, E. M. (September 2022). Repetitive Negative Thinking and Childhood Anxiety: A Bifactor Model. [Poster]. 24th Annual NIMH IRP Fellows’ Scientific Training Day, Bethesda, MD.
17.	Amelio, P. <sup>`*`</sup>, Antonacci, C., **Khosravi, P.**, Simone, H., Pine, D. S., & Stringaris, A. (September 2022), Evaluation of diagnostic validity of the development & well-being assessment (DAWBA) in a pediatric depression cohort.[Poster]. 24th Annual NIMH IRP Fellows’ Scientific Training Day, Washington, DC.
18.	Siegal, O. <sup>`*`</sup>, Smith, A., **Khosravi, P.**, Brotman, M., Leibenluft, E., Kircanski, K., Pine, D. S., & Cardinale, E. M. (April 2022). Inhibitory Control as a Moderator of the Relationship Between Repetitive Negative Thinking and Anxiety. [Poster]. The National Institutes of Health Post Baccalaureate Poster Day, Bethesda, MD. 
19.	**Khosravi, P. <sup>`*`</sup>**, Parker, A. J., Godovich, S. A., Rich, B. A., & Adleman N. E. (2020, April 30–May 2). The effect of social emotional information on attention [Virtual poster due to COVID 19]. The 75th Annual Scientific Convention of Society of Biological Psychiatry, New York, NY, United States. 
20.	**Khosravi, P. <sup>`*`</sup>**, Parker, A. J., Godovich, S. A., Rich, B. A., & Adleman N. E. (2019, May 23–26). The effect of social emotional information on attention [Poster]. 31st Annual Convention of American Psychological Science, Washington, DC, United States.
21.	**Khosravi, P. <sup>`*`</sup>**, Shuback, A. T., Parker, A. J., & Adleman, N. E. (2018, April 6–8). Depressive symptoms, emotional regulation ability, and attention control ability influence conflict processing with task-irrelevant emotional stimuli [Poster]. 38th Annual Conference of the Anxiety and Depression Association of America, Washington, DC, United States.
22.	Kiser, S. A. <sup>`*`</sup>, **Khosravi, P.**, & Adleman, N. E. (2017, November 11–15). Individual differences in implicit probabilistic sequence learning [Poster]. Society for Neuroscience 47th Annual Meeting, Washington, DC, United States.
23.	**Khosravi, P. <sup>`*`</sup>**, Shuback, A. T., Parker, A., & Adleman, N. E. (2017, June 1–2). The effects of current mood on attention and conflict processing during a cognitive task using stimuli with task-irrelevant emotional valence [Poster]. Journal of Clinical Child and Adolescent Psychology Future Directions Forum, College Park, MD, United States.
24.	**Khosravi, P. <sup>`*`</sup>**, Shuback, A. T., Parker, A., & Adleman, N. E. (2017, May 25–28). The effects of current mood on attention and conflict processing during a cognitive task using stimuli with task-irrelevant emotional valence [Poster]. 29th Annual Convention of Association for Psychological Science, Boston, MA, United States.
25.	**Khosravi, P. <sup>`*`</sup>**, Shuback, A. T., Parker, A. J., & Adleman, N. E. (2017, April 20). The effect of emotion regulation on attention control and conflict processing using task-irrelevant emotional stimuli [Oral presentation]. 2nd Annual Catholic University of America Research Day, Washington, DC, United States.
